use mqtt v1 in docs (#2384)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/references/data-model.md

|Reference           |Description|
| ------------------ | --------- |
|`alarm-type`        |a string part of the MQTT topic, that identifies the alarm uniquely in context of the device|

> |`severity`          |a string part of the MQTT payload, that indicates the severity of the alarm; must be `critical`, `major`, `minor` or `warning`|

Reviewer: > must be `critical`, `major`, `minor` or `warning`

is no longer applicable. It accepts anything in cloud-agnostic level.

```suggestion
|`severity`          |a string part of the MQTT payload, that indicates the severity of the alarm; recommended to be `critical`, `major`, `minor` or `warning`|
```
